HANDIN.md, before:


Change this line to create a conflict.


## What members were working on
### Miikael

**Created TEAM.md**  
https://github.com/taltech-vanemarendajaks/team-10-borsibaar/pull/19  

**Category filter**  
https://github.com/taltech-vanemarendajaks/team-10-borsibaar/pull/21  
Closed without merging - too complicate merge conflict.

**Merge conflict**  
https://github.com/taltech-vanemarendajaks/team-10-borsibaar/pull/33  
Josten & I Deliberately made changes to the same heading. 

### Varje

**Feature Inventory responsive menu**
https://github.com/taltech-vanemarendajaks/team-10-borsibaar/pull/23
Create mobile-friendly menu on Inventory page. Done and merged.
 

## All Pull Requests

https://github.com/taltech-vanemarendajaks/team-10-borsibaar/pull/19  
https://github.com/taltech-vanemarendajaks/team-10-borsibaar/pull/21  
https://github.com/taltech-vanemarendajaks/team-10-borsibaar/pull/23  
https://github.com/taltech-vanemarendajaks/team-10-borsibaar/pull/25  
https://github.com/taltech-vanemarendajaks/team-10-borsibaar/pull/27  
https://github.com/taltech-vanemarendajaks/team-10-borsibaar/pull/28  
https://github.com/taltech-vanemarendajaks/team-10-borsibaar/pull/31  
https://github.com/taltech-vanemarendajaks/team-10-borsibaar/pull/32  
https://github.com/taltech-vanemarendajaks/team-10-borsibaar/pull/33  
https://github.com/taltech-vanemarendajaks/team-10-borsibaar/pull/34  
https://github.com/taltech-vanemarendajaks/team-10-borsibaar/pull/35

Commit message:

filled in HANDIN.md file

HANDIN.md, after:


Change this line to create a conflict.


## What members were working on
### Miikael

**Created TEAM.md**  
https://github.com/taltech-vanemarendajaks/team-10-borsibaar/pull/19  

**Category filter**  
https://github.com/taltech-vanemarendajaks/team-10-borsibaar/pull/21  
Closed without merging - too complicate merge conflict.

**Merge conflict**  
https://github.com/taltech-vanemarendajaks/team-10-borsibaar/pull/33  
Josten & I Deliberately made changes to the same heading. 

### Varje

**Feature Inventory responsive menu**
https://github.com/taltech-vanemarendajaks/team-10-borsibaar/pull/23
Create mobile-friendly menu on Inventory page. Done and merged.

### Reimo

**add workflow and conventions to claude.md file #24**
https://github.com/taltech-vanemarendajaks/team-10-borsibaar/issues/24
 

## All Pull Requests

https://github.com/taltech-vanemarendajaks/team-10-borsibaar/pull/19  
https://github.com/taltech-vanemarendajaks/team-10-borsibaar/pull/21  
https://github.com/taltech-vanemarendajaks/team-10-borsibaar/pull/23  
https://github.com/taltech-vanemarendajaks/team-10-borsibaar/pull/25  
https://github.com/taltech-vanemarendajaks/team-10-borsibaar/pull/27  
https://github.com/taltech-vanemarendajaks/team-10-borsibaar/pull/28  
https://github.com/taltech-vanemarendajaks/team-10-borsibaar/pull/31  
https://github.com/taltech-vanemarendajaks/team-10-borsibaar/pull/32  
https://github.com/taltech-vanemarendajaks/team-10-borsibaar/pull/33  
https://github.com/taltech-vanemarendajaks/team-10-borsibaar/pull/34  
https://github.com/taltech-vanemarendajaks/team-10-borsibaar/pull/35
